README.md, before:

# Project Name
> To build a CNN based model which can accurately detect melanoma. Melanoma is a type of cancer that can be deadly if not detected early. It accounts for 75% of skin cancer deaths. A solution that can evaluate images and alert dermatologists about the presence of melanoma has the potential to reduce a lot of manual effort needed in diagnosis.


## Table of Contents
* [General Info](#general-information)
* [Technologies Used](#technologies-used)
* [Conclusions](#conclusions)

<!-- You can include any other section that is pertinent to your problem -->

## General Information
- The data set contains the following diseases:
  - Actinic keratosis
  - Basal cell carcinoma
  - Dermatofibroma
  - Melanoma
  - Nevus
  - Pigmented benign keratosis
  - Seborrheic keratosis
  - Squamous cell carcinoma
  - Vascular lesion



## Conclusions
- In Progress




## Technologies Used
- tensorflow - version 2.13.0
- matplotlib - version 3.6.2
- numpy - version 1.22.3
- pandas - version 1.5.2
- tensorflow.keras - version 2.6.0



## Contact
Created by [@pulkitgangwar](https://github.com/pulkitgangwar) - feel free to contact me!

Commit message:

removed starter-code, added new model, updated readme.md with conclusion

README.md, after:

# Project Name
> To build a CNN based model which can accurately detect melanoma. Melanoma is a type of cancer that can be deadly if not detected early. It accounts for 75% of skin cancer deaths. A solution that can evaluate images and alert dermatologists about the presence of melanoma has the potential to reduce a lot of manual effort needed in diagnosis.


## Table of Contents
* [General Info](#general-information)
* [Technologies Used](#technologies-used)
* [Conclusions](#conclusions)

<!-- You can include any other section that is pertinent to your problem -->

## General Information
- The data set contains the following diseases:
  - Actinic keratosis
  - Basal cell carcinoma
  - Dermatofibroma
  - Melanoma
  - Nevus
  - Pigmented benign keratosis
  - Seborrheic keratosis
  - Squamous cell carcinoma
  - Vascular lesion



## Conclusions
- Final Model has Training accuracy of 76% and Validation accuracy of 70%. Final model is using augmented images with original images.




## Technologies Used
- tensorflow - version 2.13.0
- matplotlib - version 3.6.2
- numpy - version 1.22.3
- pandas - version 1.5.2
- tensorflow.keras - version 2.6.0



## Contact
Created by [@pulkitgangwar](https://github.com/pulkitgangwar) - feel free to contact me!
